Update wording (#301)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/deploy/operate/upgrade.md

Before upgrading your TiKV cluster, you first need to upgrade TiUP.

> 1. Upgrade the TiUP version. It is recommended that the TiUP version be `1.4.0` or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to upgrade the TiUP version to `1.4.0` or later.
```

Author: Agree

    ```bash
    tiup update --self
    tiup --version
    ```

> 2. Upgrade the TiUP Cluster version. It is recommended that the TiUP Cluster version be `1.4.0` or later.

Reviewer: This line should be consistent with Line 20 in style?

Author: Agree

Skip this step if one of the following situations applies:

+ You have not modified the configuration parameters of the original cluster. Or you have modified the configuration parameters using `tiup cluster` but no more modification is needed.
+ After the upgrade, you want to use default parameter values of v5.0 for the unmodified configuration items.
{{< /info >}}

> 1. Enter the `vi` editing mode to edit the topology file:

Reviewer: I am not sure whether the following command opens the vi editor. The vi editor is usually opened by `vi` or `vim` command.

Author: Your point makes sense. But I think the command provided here is to edit the file, not to enter the vi editor.

Author: Maybe we can change the sentence to "Edit the topology file in 'vi' editing mode"?

    ```bash
    tiup cluster edit-config <cluster-name>
    ```

2. Refer to the format of [topology](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/blob/release-1.4/embed/templates/examples/topology.example.yaml) configuration template and fill the parameters you want to modify in the `server_configs` section of the topology file.

> 3. After the modification, <kbd>:</kbd> + <kbd>w</kbd> + <kbd>q</kbd> to save the change and exit the editing mode. Enter <kbd>Y</kbd> to confirm the change.

Reviewer: I guess the readers (developers, system administrators, etc.) have already mastered the basics of `vi` editor.
```suggestion
After the modification, press <kbd>:</kbd> + <kbd>w</kbd> + <kbd>q</kbd> to save the change and exit the editing mode. Enter <kbd>Y</kbd> to confirm the change.
```

Author: You are right. I'll check with Mr. Gu Liangliang to decide whether to simplify the description.
